sit on the toilet behind you yeah it's a
little high up sorry about that last one
of you to get off the toilet gets a
chance at one million dollars
and as weird as this sounds i'm actually
being serious here's what i mean you are
currently watching the third video of
this series the first video was last to
fall and the second was last to stop
swinging the winners of these four
videos will compete in a fifth video for
one million dollars so we grabbed some
toilets we put some people on the
toilets and we grabbed a million dollars
and now we're here and today's video is
special chandler is actually the coach
of two people josh and brian and chris
is also the coach of two people jenna
and george if you guys win chandler gets
a hundred grand of the million same with
chris so they're motivated feel free to
make them do anything and you guys can't
rest your feet on this thing they have
to remain dangling because you're
literally just sitting on a toilet and
it can't be too easy all right it begins
so you've been on this toilet for about
two minutes how do you feel i feel
nothing same i know you've been on the
toilet for two minutes and 20 seconds
how do you feel it's pretty comfortable
they've both been training they spend a
lot of time on the toilet you've been on
the toilet for three minutes how do you
feel i feel like a solid stool
good job how do you feel it's been about
three and a half minutes i feel good
i've spent a lot of time on the toilet
practicing just for this day made for
this so chandler which of your two
people is your favorite
oh you're gonna do that you could just
say both
so we have a baby doll and a trash can
if you make it in the trash can you get
nothing but if you missed we jacked up
your toilet very slightly you're gonna
want to make it you got this sink it
buckets
since you missed we have to call in the
plumber and he's gonna move your toilet
up slightly if you won't notice much of
a difference it's it's only the first
pump how many did you do
so then we have to do two per do you
notice the difference nope after about
50 you'll probably be literally hanging
throw away that baby doll
plumber
there we go whip time will go higher
higher here's a little sneak peek of
what it'll look like at the end
yes he knows what not to do
give him a crank
your turn sir
jenny how you feeling
pretty good gonna want it how are you
feeling right now a little softer but
still firm poop feeling good i'm
definitely ready to win this here's a
magazine here's a magazine here's the
magazine there's a magazine we're about
to do an hour-long time lapse and i
didn't want you guys bored
here's a plunger here's a plunger here's
the plunger here's the plunger chandler
we have four bowling balls oh those are
actual bowling balls what do you think
we're doing with these balls bowling no
we're gonna see if they can pick them up
with a plunger first one to do a win is
that possible yes how far do they have
to pick it up just an inch off the
ground all right there's a certain way
to do this it's top secret okay so
whoever stops trying last is actually
the winner it's literally impossible you
can't pick a bowling ball over the
plunger you want to give us the
countdown three go
can you reach
got it
he got it he got it was it not supposed
to be possible
the challenge was whoever got mad and
quit first one but i actually got it you
won in an unconventional way how can
this plunger pick up a bowling ball
we're gonna give you some squatty potty
so you can rush your legs something else
out
nope
i need something else here you go sire
you now get it for five minutes so do
you feel relieved yes a lot actually it
brings all the pressure off my leg yo we
have the same hat wow all right what can
i get you guys that will make it easier
a lot of sneakers snickers maybe a dog
that's a lot more difficult than candy
but i'll look into it i guess if a dog
will help me get a hundred thousand
dollars i'll get her a dog if that's
really what she wants
hey i got you guys candy i'm working on
the dogs i know you want some snickers
bar i think there's some snickers in
there yeah
and i got gummy bears and i know you
like the sour patch kids you guys are
gonna do great gonna help me out let's
do it
the doggo has been requested oh and she
came right before you
does that make things easier for you
yeah oh yeah i love dogs does anybody
else want to see the dog you want to pet
him
chris like honestly i'm starting to not
like you at all now how do you have your
feet
up i hate to ruin your pooping
conversation but your five minutes is up
sir so we're just gonna
there we go
josh what would you like to eat chicken
nuggets all right
i want something that you recommend
that's from this area
why don't they always do this to me i'm
gonna get our food delivered so i'm
gonna give you guys the phone i'll pass
it back and forth get whatever y'all
want saw me
[Music]
we got the popeyes we got some nuggies
we got tartar sauce and ranch we got
tartar sauce what's wrong with you your
coach got you food and chandler didn't
there's no way
oh
i will never hit that in a million years
turn the lights red this is very serious
take this plunger and do a plunger flip
you got it don't worry
any second now plunger flip plunger flip
and if you land it like that you win and
we'll put two squatty potties if you
don't and you land it like that we do
two cranks this is a big deal we're
gonna go down the line this is why the
lights are red it's a big deal
this is gonna be hard you ain't gotta do
them like that man here you go all day
except for today
just nail this and everything will be
fine i got it
i can't believe he just did that
four times he doesn't win these
oh
too much backspin on it
if you're ever in a mr beast video
practice your plunger flips all right
you've had a couple of pumps how do you
feel great you can take a couple of
pumps how about you
pumped up got a lot of energy left get
it
chris we forgot something what lights
back to normal oh we did very good thank
you thank you you guys are going to win
it and then one of you is going to win i
don't know who that's going to be but
you're going to do great all right josh
senpai had a lot of cranks back there
yeah you leaning a little bit so how are
you doing
i'm doing fine good luck doug
[Music]
there's a million dollars on the line
what would you buy if you want a house a
car payoff parent's debt chris with your
100 grand what would you buy a lot of
food like a lot good unhealthy amount if
you won the million dollars what would
you buy a pomeranian how about you sir i
would buy my mom a house and i would put
more money into my youtube channel i
need to buy my house as well two houses
okay okay i would definitely buy a house
probably pay off my mom's house and get
a car and then
just spend a bunch of money on my son
oh that's sweet now i kind of want you
to win i kind of want me to win too but
only one of you guys wins i'm gonna get
another car let me get a really really
nice car
and uh probably an animal
hey chandler you can flush all your
hopes and dreams of winning down the
drain oh what'd you say to me
give me tp oh
yeah
don't you throw a plunger at me
that should have took care of that right
there can i just borrow this sir i
bought this for my contestant making his
mouth and we'll give him a squatty potty
that's risky sir oh
give him a squatter potter
we'll give you your squatty potty when
we're done
[Music]
you hit her right on her shirt all right
all right the two people have one so far
you're welcome
we're gonna call his mommy here's your
son see
he's sitting on a toilet and if he's the
last one to leave he gets to compete for
a million dollars
i love you i love you hey mom hello
showing those boys what the girls can do
[Music]
since your mom didn't pick up the next
best source of motivation is dominos
thank you for calling all the pizza
please okay okay that's fine we've been
on hold for three minutes we'll call
papa jones
hey so i have a gentleman here who's
competing in a challenge and if he wins
he competes for a million dollars i was
just curious if you had anything to
motivate him wow okay dude for a million
dollars like just go at it man a million
dollars at it like come on now let's do
it let's go
thank you i love you give me 10 pizzas
howdy good sir come on in what do you
think they're doing kind of stay on
yeah actually that's exactly what
they're doing just so you know um he
called dominoes and they ignored him
domino's how much was the pizza pizza
was 26 something perfect oh wait sorry
there's a little bit more there you go
wow oh okay they've been competing for
13 hours and you've won more money
hey good luck
[Music]
bring it on in jakey as you guys know we
have the unicorn of wealth he brings
many great prizes to the next person who
gets out
our prizes for today are an oculus rift
a switch wow xbox one iphone a laptop
airpods oh he's covering his face
because he can't resist the temptation
dude i need a laptop i'm gonna have to
kindly reject it
oh my gosh she said i have every single
one of those get it out of here jake get
the unicorn out of here get out of here
brian since no one wanted brian aka the
unicorn of wealth i think we should do
two two bumps it is yes we uh clearly
need to speed this up only for the black
team yeah sure one two
would anyone like another one okay of
course
they owe me for the white team
let's do it that's three all right
i didn't expect that to break like that
[Music]
we're almost 24 hours then you guys have
to be getting tired what's tired he kind
of reminds me of omar just not like
creepily staring yeah omar did kind of
just stare at people but he's a good guy
jenny takers you're tired you're tired
there's no shame in the game you've
lasted longer than chandler could ever
dream
if you're not going to be here for like
another day then you might as well just
end it now there's no need
uh oh
our first contestant is out give us
respect this is good grapes right here
good grapes good sportsmanship
all right
thanks for coming out jenny what was
going through your head it's like 35
degrees in here i just wanted to go home
i feel that all in all good time right
yeah i lasted 20 hours on a toilet oh
really okay so you did win some stuff
yeah i did so it was like and then oh i
got a thousand bucks
oh
that's great there are now only two
other people beside you i'm gonna keep
the kitchen going you or chris's last
chance of a hundred thousand dollars for
chris you have one shot left i will not
miss the opportunity mom spaghetti first
we need to celebrate a contestant
getting out and what better celebration
than three pups i think that sounds
all three of your toys are literally at
like this incline damn that's crazy
now we're gonna facetime the winner of
part one of this series akira how's it
going pretty good how are you great i
wanna introduce you to the three people
left in this challenge and i want you to
tell me you know what you think of them
he looks all right
i um
what's your advice man whatever you're
up there for just keep thinking about
that it's just a mental thing at this
point you're fighting for your kid right
just think about them that's what that's
what it's for appreciate it man can you
pick a number between one and five three
okay three pumps it is thank you akira
you can thank akira bet your hundred
bucks that jorge is gonna win make it a
thousand thousand bucks ten thousand
easy now
poor hey
don't let me down since things are
starting to get hard next person to get
out i'll give you ten thousand dollars
it's about getting my mom a house bro
those ten diesels let's talk about those
ten g's change someone's life give us
more pumps okay
one more five more pumps five more pumps
this is about to get very difficult not
for four okay two we're here three
he's a machine he doesn't even feel it
man i have strong cheeks
[Music]
ten g's right here but omar is a
freaking nature whoever wins here you're
literally going up oh
whoa
whoa i was not expecting that you get
the golden rule ten thousand what oh i
like
this for mama this is for the family
hey mom i didn't win a million dollars
okay but i have a little good news for
you
what's that i won ten thousand dollars
yeah i won ten thousand dollars whoa
it's for us we love you oh thank you
thank you for having your son for the
beast
bless guys uh thank you now it's a one
on one his body is in peak physical
shape look at this
look he's sitting down in he has abs
look at my i'm staying all right we
didn't have to actually mock it but yeah
all right i'm just gonna go over here
we're gonna win this million bucks this
has been going on too long yes what are
we 33 hours sid that's a lot of hours
don't you agree agreements i very much
agree go ahead and raise the toilet
this is where you were and so he
hammered it into here oh my goodness
if you got out now we can make it 10
grand so it's even i mean penguin would
be better than nothing but it's up to
you man i mean if you think you can beat
him i would stick it out i'll grab 100
g's if he quits now what what if you win
today and then you win the million
dollar series you'll give him a hundred
grand correct shay caught it
he shook on it if you want to get up
what a deal bro
whoa
[Applause]
good game bro he's just doing push-ups
right now what he said he said he was
gonna be so energized afterwards i
thought he has a 25 chance of winning so
i will take my chances on a hundred
grand aside from the 10 grand you are
gonna compete for a million dollars one
million dollars you're going to get
sakira you're going against omar against
who he's got fighting spirits all right
all right but a million dollars will be
on the line i'm gonna do whatever it
takes to prepare for this if you win
chris gets a hundred grand for being
your coach he gets a hundred grand and
you're only gonna get eight hundred
thousand dollars which isn't much are
you sure that's still plenty to satisfy
you plenty gotcha that's all i need to
know subscribe and i'll see you guys
[Music]
yeah you know around name he changed it
once or twice but i think it's here to
stay